Abstract:

Index terms:

Introduction:

Device Physics and Parameters:
We begin by understanding charge transport in organic materials. A one-dimensional, one-electron, small polaron model developed by Holstein (CITE) is used. The carrier charge mobility is temperature and field dependent. For the temperature dependence, the mobility is extrapolated to zero-field. On fitting the Monte-Carlo simulations, the expression is μ(T)=μ0exp[−(T0T)2]μ(T)=μ0exp[−(T0T)2]. Here T0 is room temperature, and μ0 is the mobility corresponding to room temperature. Although this deviates from an Arrhenius Law, it fits the experimental data. An electric field lowers the energy barrier for electron conduction band transport, and on fitting the Monte-Carlo results, we observe a Poole-Frenkel behaviour (CITE) μ(E)=μ0exp(βE−−√)μ(E)=μ0exp(βE). The measurement techniques used to characterise charge mobility include Time-of-Flight measurement, Field-Effect Transistor configuration measurement and Space-Charge Limited Current measurement (TOF, FET, SCLC). For Organic-FET parameters, the current-voltage relations are known from silicon-based MOSFET equations. As one can conclude, the equation in the linear region is (EQUATION). The characteristic in the saturation region is (EQUATION). Although the mobility could be extracted from the slope of the square root characteristics of current in the saturation region, the mobility does not remain constant through the channel. Hence, mobility is extracted in the linear region where the charge density is uniform. While extracting mobility and transconductance in the linear region, one must be mindful of contact problems that cause departures from the linearity of I_D vs V_D (CITE). The transconductance in the linear region is given by (EQUATION). As the above equation neglects (DERIVATIVE), we can obtain mobility from transconductance only when the mobility varies slowly with the gate voltage, as the above equation neglects (DERIVATIVE). 
Mobility is one of the most important parameters while designing the device, as it determines switching capabilities and the maximum current given device size. Consequently, efforts have achieved electron mobilities near the benchmark of 10cm^2/Vs and hole mobilities of up to 20cm^2/Vs (CITE).
Apart from high mobility, we also desire a large on to off current ratio. The on-current again depends on the mobility and the capacitance of the gate dielectric. The off-current, which is undesirable, results from gate leakage current. Conduction pathways at the substrate interface and bulk conductivity of the semiconductor are reasons for off-current. Minimising unintentional doping in the transistor is effective in reducing off-current.
Threshold Voltage in organic transistors depends strongly on the organic materials used. There are many more dependencies of Threshold Voltage due to which it varies even in the same device. Organic FETs show bias-stress behaviour under which the threshold voltage increases as the device is used for extended periods. This, of course, heavily affects the usability of organic FETs and is a field of intense research (CITE). 

Materials:
Organic transistors, like their inorganic counterparts, consist of four major parts. The substrate, electrodes, the semiconducting layer and the dielectric layer. 
Minerals like quartz, glass and Silicon wafers or amorphous thermoplastic polymers like polycarbonate, polyimide may be used to construct the substrate. The inorganic materials provide higher melting points, flatness and low diffusivity of chemicals and air. In contrast, the polymer substrates have higher toughness, flexibility and light-weight. Irrespective of the substrate material chosen, all contaminants and impurities must be cleaned before use.
Electrodes are popularly made of metals like gold, platinum, aluminium and magnesium. Non-metal counterparts such as graphite and polyaniline doped with camphorsulphonic acid are also used. Work functions of the contacts strongly influence the I-V relationships of these transistors and strongly influence the choice of electrodes. Lower work function metals such as magnesium and aluminium give slightly higher electron mobilities.
The semiconducting layer makes up the organic part of organic transistors. Organic semiconductors pass current by majority carriers, unlike their inorganic counterparts. This is due to the nature of charge transport in these semiconductors. In well-ordered inorganics, the delocalisation of electrons results in charge carriers moving in a continuum of energy levels. In less-ordered organic materials, the charge carriers hop between discrete, localised states of individual molecules. This makes them particularly sensitive to impurities and inconsistencies in the structure. The resulting traps in energy levels caused by irregularities may inhibit the flow of charge carriers. Since the charge transport is along the molecular \pi orbitals, overlap with neighbouring molecular orbitals is very important. These complexities make the selection of organic semiconducting layers a formidable challenge. Next, we introduce some compounds that may be used to construct the semiconducting layer.
P-type organic semiconductors mainly contain acene and acene derivatives. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons are the most popular choice. The oldest organic semiconductor—Pentacene, reported in the 1970s, is the standard for P-type organic semiconductor performance. 
For best carrier mobility, a tetracene derivative—rubrene shows 20cm^2/Vs for single-crystal devices in FET configuration. 
N-type organic semiconductors lag behind P-type due to their complex synthesis requirements, ambient instability in environments and low device performance—especially the significant limitations in carrier mobilities. Since they are necessary to develop any organic electronic device, we witness the need for stable N-type organic semiconductor materials with up-to-par charge carrier mobilities. These semiconductors are unstable in ambient conditions owing to their high lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (LUMO) levels. The LUMO level must be lower than -3.97eV to prevent redox reactions. The first important N-type organic semiconductor—perfluoropentacene—was reported by Sakamoto et al. (CITE). It shows high mobility of 0.11cm^2/Vs. However, its LUMO energy level is not low enough to be stable in natural environments. Consequently, different materials needed to be tested out. Aromatic diimide materials show an N-type character on account of imide functionalisation. On substitution with cyano and halo groups, the air stability of the resulting compounds also improves significantly. Naphthalene diimide substituted with cyanide groups at the core position shows mobilities as high as 0.11 cm2/Vs and good ambient stability compared to an unsubstituted compound. Organic N-type small molecules are much sparser than their P-type counterparts. Correspondingly, high-performance n-type polymers reported are much scarcer than p-type polymers. However, complementary circuits require both. Currently, the most promising result for n-type polymers is a naphthalene-based polymer (P(NDI2OD-T2)), which exhibits unprecedented high performance: A mobility of >0.1 cm2/Vs (up to 0.85 cm2/Vs), on/off ratio of 10^6 and excellent air stability in ambient conditions (CITE).
Finally, we come to the dielectric layer. The dielectric layer is characterised by high resistivity and a very high dielectric constant. The high resistivity ensures minimal leakage between the gate metal and the semiconductor channel. A high dielectric constant enables enough capacitance for current to flow through the channel and low switching voltage. Accordingly, high dielectric constant inorganic insulators such as tantalum oxide (Ta2O5) or barium zirconate titanate (BZT) show low voltage operating characteristics. Polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA) adheres well to pentacene and boosts its mobility up to ten times compared to a SiO2 gate insulator. Since the dielectric interface with the active layer heavily determines the transistor characteristics, a smooth and defect-less interface is required.

Fabrication Techniques:
This section discusses some essential techniques commonly used in OFET fabrication. 
Vacuum Evaporation: This technique works only for small organic semiconductor molecules. It is performed in ultrahigh vacuum environments of pressures 10^-5–10^-9 Torr, depending on the level of contamination that can be tolerated. The organic semiconductor material is heated by Joule effects or electron gun, and the substrate is placed above this to allow growth and formation of the organic materials. Deposition rate monitoring and control are relatively straightforward in vacuum deposition compared to the other techniques. Sublimation and evaporation may deposit organic semiconductor material in various vacuum deposition systems. Modifying the interface between the substrate and the organic layer and post-deposition treatments, such as annealing, also improve molecular ordering. Overall, the process is expensive. On the contrary, solution deposition is relatively cheaper. 
Solution Deposition: Liquid deposition involves, as one may guess, deposition of the Organic-FET semiconductor material through various techniques. The organic materials have been engineered to be soluble or dispersible in a solution. This solution is then deposited via various techniques such as solution casting and spin coating. Solution casting provides better mobility to charge carriers than spin coating because slow evaporation accounts for better ordering. Because of issues with film thickness and compositional uniformity, it is not as perfect as vacuum deposition. However, it is an attractive method, thanks to its cost-effectiveness. Solution Deposition is often used for polymers such as regioregular P3HT21,32-33 or various soluble oligomers (CITE).
Thin Film Alignment: Macroscopically aligned organic films have potentially higher mobilities thanks to the \pi orbital interactions. Therefore, many deposition techniques have been investigated to align organic semiconductors. The techniques are broadly set apart by (1) mechanical force based alignment methods like friction-transfer and nanoimprinting; (2) depositing the organic semiconductors directly on the alignment layers through techniques such as rubbing and photoirradiation; (3) growing the organic semiconductors in single inorganic crystals; (4) using magnetic or electric field-induced alignment; (5) using solution-processed techniques to align (CITE). 
Patterning: Patterning is the act of confining the semiconductor in the channel region to eliminate parasitic leakage and cross talk. Different techniques may be used to carry out the patterning. Some examples include optical lithography, soft lithography and screen printing. Optical lithography is used to pattern mesoscopic features and components for microelectronic and photonic devices. Screen printing—as the name suggests—involves squeezing specially prepared ink through a screen mask onto a substrate surface to form the desired pattern. Soft lithography encompasses a wide variety of patterning techniques. A master structure is fabricated in a material, such as Silicon, by conventional lithographic processes. Then elastomeric replicas are made in a material such as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS).

Current Status in Industry:

Challenges and outlook (?) Future Direction of Work:
